so back by popular demand that shit fans
say can be some of the quick life you
can get into a fight with somebody in
real life because of a sports argument
and I think we're on friends are
probably some of the worst in this
fucking world but I've learned to
tolerate them but here is an example of
this shit I used to go through with a
conversation with a LeBaron friend yeah
it was good that Shawn haven't seen you
in a while that's the new haircut yeah
you know the king and all his kingly
greatness being the goat of everything
that has ever been known as basketball
she inspired me to get this haircut
because why would I not want to be like
my nigga LeBron he's filming you see you
see that's the shit that you know what
it's fine okay cool
so speaking of LeBron I was watching the
game the other night and he was just
completely bitching at don't you dare he
was fucking finish that sentence days if
as you know LeBron gets hacked on every
play that he goes up on he's too much of
a beast who's 66 9 he's a freight train
you need to add him so does that just
give him an excuse to fluff her on like
a bitch on offense have to I don't see
why you gotta be a hater right now why
even me next to James Harden LeBron is
probably like the biggest offensive
fluffer in the entire league I don't
even fucking nobody doesn't and gets
away with it nigga did you know that
analytically speaking LeBron is the best
finisher on the lead on a Thursday at
club o'clock midday during the daytime
lost son is out really for a 6 9 to 60 I
I don't see why the fuck he needs to
flopper pause let's just take a moment
to appreciate the fact that this guy
this fuckin merked me on this play I
can't even not show him the appreciation
that he deserves he fucking destroyed
you go back to the conversation well the
fuck he needs to flop our own like that
which brings me to another point Ron why
are you so concerned about the King
James like you they give him his name
video of him flopping on Chris Paul he's
like 510 110 pounds on a good day he's
flopping on Chris Paul because Chris
probably fouled him that's one hook for
real for it that's your excuse that's
your argument for this one that just
these small people can just run over
LeBron James and just make him look like
a bitch LeBron is gold nigga alright
lets him not clutch fuck you mean the
king is in clutch they go fucking
right now did you not have statistically
speaking he was one of most untouched
people in the league when him to join me
he our son who you gonna give the ball
to in the clutch other than the king
nigga probably somebody who can't hit
the shot I just what it you want those
people that just find any reason to
nitpick on his game don't you can't you
just sit back and appreciate his
greatness
oh why even why why is this a
conversation right now why do you even
need to suck him off this much LeBron
isn't it like he can still to this day
LeBron still cameras shoot look rock -
you know I'm still cashew he has such an
inconsistent jump shot to this day and
he's been in the league for so long no
see you a motherfucking hater that's why
you drew out one point that LeBron was
shooting was better through purposes
than Ray Allen did you know that shit my
boy could be in the three-point shootout
what the fuck did you just say you heard
me nigga you shot a better percentage in
reality yes I shot three three point
elves once every 10 games I made two of
them I could have a higher rated three
point three 2k as well just because I
take a lot most of them I make them when
I techni mean I'm really good at them so
you look at you just fucking hating over
and over he has a handle like Iverson he
can pass Blackmagic he can shoot like
Ray
he can only finish like LeBron he has a
post game like Jordan bucks
I don't even wait finished having this
conversation are you because at the end
a LeBron is just somebody who did go off
and cut to the heat and team up with two
superstars just to get his fucking rings
and that doesn't even matter cause no he
has left them and he's never going to
win another one
LeBron made that team nigga they won
because of him
oh yeah maybe just forget the fact and
that seemed enough Dwyane Wade and Chris
Bosh right and I'm sure you're a fucking
Heat fan when he was on the heat too
right you were pulling for the heat but
you weren't really I hate fun I mean he
fences they want I just want whichever
team LeBron is on to win you feel me oh
yeah the same way that your know like I
caps fun because LeBron is back on the
Cavs right nigga I've been a Cavs fan
since day one but I just want LeBron to
win whichever team he's on you Hillman
you know what honestly if it wasn't for
people like you I would probably like
LeBron James but his friends like you
that just fucking over a tip so much
that I can't even fuck you want to know
why why does Shawn tell me why cuz
you're not hashtag striving for
greatness no no you know what shut the
fuck off because Hospital of Ron friends
in the league have no idea and I'm
talking about after time because they're
folk so fucking basketball illiterate
and all they know is LeBron James LeBron
James first of all don't you ever
disrespect my nigga LeBron J
like that ever again you will refer to
him as King James no matter when you use
his name in a sentence because he is a
proper noun yo shut the fuck up because
you don't even play a basketball I don't
need to play ball to recognize greatness
that's what you're not understanding as
a LeBron hater and that's all you are
you need to find something to hate they
don't even fucking talk to me like that
because we will technician outside real
quick no no you know what because you
always talk shit like this in rank like
I don't know what master ball is LeBron
is greatness and that's all I need to
know I wish that his kingly dick could
rub off on me so I could become his
sweet prince of basketball you fucking
right when I just said nigga don't even
try and come at me like that because you
actually are being rude at this point
because I'm a fucking sleep also I saw
it Stace all right fucking little
Jamaican bitch I'm the jags that not
even real we can take the shit outside
right
all right so stupid as that was I'm sure
some of you or all of you can relate or
have phoned some point in your life
where you have come across a LeBron
James find that was somebody like that
or said shit like because in my time
honestly I don't even hate LeBron James
anymore I can't find our reason to hate
on LeBron anymore but in my experience
with the friends that I've had who were
LeBron friends it feels like some of
them had good Franks but the point is at
the end of the day it all kind of
sounded the same to me but LeBron I
can't hate Sunim anymore if I try LeBron
James is a bona fide top 10 player of
all time I learned to really appreciate
him like our no time to all start
interview with Steve Smith do come on I
think it was like Steve Smith but I've
learned to appreciate LeBron there's no
way you can he's a he's a
once-in-a-generation player top 10
bonafide but I can't call him top 5
personally because I think his
championship legacy is kinda just
tainted like when you hear of his two
rings would be beat they have like
Asterix next to it like he has yet to
really do it on his own and he what I
did it to see I would have called him
top five but to me my top five personal
if your winner is Michael Kareem wilt
Oscar and Duncan my top 10 would be
Michael Curry world Oscar Duncan Bird
Magic LeBron Russell and Kobe so LeBron
there's no reason that he's not a bona
fide top ten and if you're a fan of his
I think you kind of overreach them a bit
sometimes and if you're not a fan of his
you kind of underweight some of it
sometimes same thing that goes with
people like mellow but LeBron there's
nothing I hate even sad want some
anymore boy it's funny as hell what
LeBron friends are like sometimes I'm
sure some of you can think of them in
your head right now and I want to say
any names but I'm sure some LeBron
arguments have broken up friendships in
the past because it has come quite close
for me anyway yes the shit fans say
series has been resurrected with
LeBron's